[stable/datadog] KSM update and add doc for secret creation (#22244)
helm/charts: stable/datadog/README.md

By default, this Chart creates a Secret and puts an API key in that Secret.
However, you can use manually created secret by setting the `datadog.apiKeyExistingSecret` value. After a few minutes, you should see hosts and metrics being reported in Datadog.

#### Create and provide a secret that contains your Datadog API Key

> To create a secret that contains your Datadog API Key Replace the <DATADOG_API_KEY> below with the API key for your organization. This secret is used in the manifest to deploy the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a secret that contains your Datadog API key, replace the <DATADOG_API_KEY> below with the API key for your organization. This secret is used in the manifest to deploy the Datadog Agent.
```

```bash
DATADOG_SECRET_NAME=datadog-secret
kubectl create secret generic $DATADOG_SECRET_NAME --from-literal api-key="<DATADOG_API_KEY>" --namespace="default"
```

> **Note**: This create a secret in the default namespace. If you are in a custom namespace, update the namespace parameter of the command before running it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This creates a secret in the default namespace. If you are in a custom namespace, update the namespace parameter of the command before running it.
```

Now, the installation command contains the reference to the secret.

```bash
helm install --name <RELEASE_NAME> \
  --set datadog.apiKeyExistingSecret=$DATADOG_SECRET_NAME stable/datadog
```

> **Note**: In the same way, it is possible to provides a secret for the Application Key (AppKey) thanks to the `datadog.appKeyExistingSecret` chart variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Provide a secret for the application key (AppKey) using the `datadog.appKeyExistingSecret` chart variable.
```
